---
layout: page
title: FAQ
background: grey
---

<div class="col-lg-12 text-center">
	<h2 class="section-heading text-uppercase">
        Frequently Asked Questions(FAQ)
    </h2>
</div>

#### What is the Memory Failure Prediction Competition?

Our competition will furnish participants to devise solutions for predicting potential failures of individual DRAM
modules within a subsequent observation period. The final solution is expected to run and bring values to real-world
production environment.

#### Who can participate in the Memory Failure Prediction Competition?

The competition is open to everyone interested in advancing the memory failure prediction for reliability. Individuals
and teams from academic, industry, and independent backgrounds are welcome to contribute their expertise.

#### What are the competition tracks?

The competition comprises two stages: the initial stage features an AB List setup, which includes training data tailored
for two diverse memory models. Subsequently, in the second stage, a fresh dataset encompassing mixed models (more than
two) will be introduced to encourage solutions with few-shot learning capabilities and knowledge transfer ability.
Overall, the competitionâ€™s appeal lies in its practical relevance, the accessible entry point of the initial stage, and
the fresh challenges presented in both stages.

#### How do I register for the competition?

Registration details and deadlines will be provided on the official ML for Systems Workshop Memory Failure Prediction
website. Participants can register for either or both tracks at any time during the competition period.

#### Are there any prerequisites for participation?

Participants are encouraged to have a background in machine learning, memory, or related fields. However, the challenge
is designed to accommodate a range of skills and knowledge levels. Familiarity with the failure prediction will be
beneficial.

#### How is the competition data structured?

The competition will focus on system error log data memory, with specific Correctable Error (CE) and Uncorrectable
Error (UE). These datasets include memory failure tickets and error logs dataset, in the real-world datacenters.

For more information on the datasets, please refer to the Getting Started page.

#### What are the submission requirements?

Participants must submit their code, models (if developed), and a short paper describing their approach. Details on
submission formats and platforms is available on the Getting Started page.

#### Can we collaborate as a team?

Yes, teams of any size are allowed, including solo participants. Collaboration is encouraged to leverage diverse skills
and perspectives.

#### How many submissions are allowed?

During the validation phase, each team is limited to 5 submissions per day for each track. In the test phase, teams are
restricted to a total of 5 submissions. Only one account per team is permitted for submissions to ensure fairness.

#### Are participants required to share their methods?

To be eligible for prizes, winning teams must share their methods, code, and models with the organizers. Sharing with
the broader community is encouraged to foster knowledge exchange and innovation.

#### How will submissions be evaluated?

Submissions will be assessed based on attack accuracy, attack efficiency, and defense effectiveness. These criteria are
designed to measure the practical and theoretical impacts of the proposed privacy-preserving strategies.

For more information on evaluation metrics, please refer to the Prizes & Tracks page.

#### What prizes are available?

Prizes will include cash awards and best paper awards. Awards will be given for the first, second, and third place in
each track, as well as special awards for cost-effective and high-performing methods against the top-3 submissions from
the opposite track.

For more information on prizes, please refer to the Prizes & Tracks page.

#### How do I contact the organizers?

For any inquiries, participants can reach out to the organizers via email: zhoumin27@huawei.com

#### What are the important dates and deadlines?

Key dates, including registration deadlines, submission deadlines, and prize announcement dates, will be displayed on
the website and through official communications to registered participants.

For more informations, please refer to our
website: https://hyxie2023.github.io/SmartMem.github.io/
